README: fill in details (#43)
trailofbits/sigstore-python: README.md

* Support for publishing signatures to a [Rekor](https://github.com/sigstore/rekor) instance
* Support for verifying signatures on Python package distributions

## Installation

`sigstore` requires Python 3.7 or newer, and can be installed directly via `pip`:

```console
python -m pip install sigstore
```

## Usage

You can run `sigstore` as a standalone program, or via `python -m`:

```console
sigstore --help
python -m sigstore --help
```

Top-level:

<!-- @begin-sigstore-help@ -->
```
Usage: sigstore [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...

Options:
  --help  Show this message and exit.

Commands:
  sign
  verify
```
<!-- @end-sigstore-help@ -->

Signing:

<!-- @begin-sigstore-sign-help@ -->
```
Usage: sigstore sign [OPTIONS] FILE

Options:
  --identity-token TEXT
  --ctfe FILENAME
  --help                 Show this message and exit.
```
<!-- @end-sigstore-sign-help@ -->

Verifying

<!-- @begin-sigstore-verify-help@ -->
```
Usage: sigstore verify [OPTIONS] FILE

Options:
  --cert FILENAME       [required]
  --signature FILENAME  [required]
  --cert-email TEXT
  --help                Show this message and exit.
```
<!-- @end-sigstore-verify-help@ -->

## Licensing

> `pip-audit` is licensed under the Apache 2.0 License.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sigstore` is licensed under the Apache 2.0 License.
```

Author: Good catch, thanks!
